Create documentation for Sandbox Mocked Withdrawals (#247)
uphold/docs: _sandboxmockedwithdrawals.md

# Sandbox Mocked Withdrawals

## Overview

> **Sandbox mocked withdrawals** allow teams to simulate the withdrawal flow without actually sending testnet funds. Instead, the system mocks provider calls and responses, enabling safe and comprehensive testing across environments.

Reviewer: It might be worth making this more generic regarding the reader's profile:

```suggestion
**Sandbox mocked withdrawals** allow simulating the withdrawal flow without actually sending testnet funds. Instead, the system mocks provider calls and responses, enabling safe and comprehensive testing across environments.
```

> > **Note:** This behavior is **enabled by default** but can be customized for partners who require on-chain testnet transactions.

Reviewer: Continuing from the above, and better integrating with the rest of the docs:

```suggestion
> **Note:** This behavior is **enabled by default** but can be customized if on-chain testnet transactions is required. [Reach out to us](/#support) if that's your case.
```

> ## Why Use Mocked Withdrawals?

Reviewer: For consistency with the rest of the docs, I'd suggest using sentence case in the headings, reserving capitalization for proper nouns (e.g. Mocked Widthrawals in this case)

```suggestion
## Why use Mocked Withdrawals?
```

Acquiring testnet tokens can be cumbersome and time-consuming, especially when testing at scale. Mocked withdrawals solve this by:

- Removing dependencies on testnet faucets
- Reducing flakiness and wait times
- Simplifying QA and development workflows

With this setup, partners can validate flows confidently without real token movement or blockchain interaction.

> ## Supported Networks

Reviewer: Same as above: use sentence case

```suggestion
## Supported networks
```

Author: Titles follow first-letter capitalization for consistency—no changes required.

Reviewer: My bad, I checked a few entries and somehow got the impression that there were more titles in "Sentence case" than in "Title Case".

For future reference, here are the outliers:

- `_applications.md`
  - Registering an application
  - Deprecated scopes
- `_transactions.md`
  - Specify destination currency
- `_webhooks.md`
  - Card updated
  - Transaction status
- `_currencies.md`
  - Asset status
- `_accounts.md`
  - Adding credit/debit card accounts
  - Approved cards

Maybe consider normalizing them in a subsequent PR :)

Mocked withdrawals can be enabled or disabled across the following networks:

```
Algorand, Arbitrum, Avalanche, Base, BNB Smart Chain, Cardano, Casper, Celo,
Constellation, Cosmos, Dogecoin, Flare, Hedera, Kaspa, Lukso, Mythos, Near,
Optimism, Polkadot, Polygon, Solana, Songbird, Stacks, Starknet, Stellar,
Tezos, Ton, Tron, Xinfin, XRP Ledger

> ```

Reviewer: Why is this formatted as a code block? It is a regular list, so it should suffice to leave it as a plain paragraph (with a full stop at the end).

Reviewer: @JoelGama you forgot to add the full stop at the end of the list :)

## Mock Types

| Type            | Behavior                                                                 |
|-----------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `mock_enabled`  | Withdrawal is simulated. No funds are sent. Provider calls are mocked.   |

> | `mock_disabled` | Withdrawal proceeds normally using testnet funds.                        |

Reviewer: The default value should be explicit. Also, if mocking is enabled by default, the disabled option should not be described as the "normal".

```suggestion
| `mock_enabled`  | Withdrawal is simulated. No funds are sent. Provider calls are mocked. (This is the default)  |
| `mock_disabled` | Withdrawal proceeds using testnet funds.                                                      |
```

Author: The default value for sandbox has already been mentioned above, so there's no need to repeat it.

Reviewer: That's true, but when writing documentation, it's important to keep in mind that the reader seldom reads the entire page top to bottom. Especially for API docs, the information is often looked up in a reference manner, and tables are particularly prone to be read in isolation when looking up concrete information.

I would therefore insist that you consider specifying which value is the default here as well — a mere "(default)" suffix at the end of the description of the `mock_enabled` row would do just fine.

- Highest total wins
- Ties are resolved by the rule's position (first one wins)

> **Example:** Rule 2 will disable mocks for `user-id-456` when withdrawing ETH.

## Mock Service

The `mock-service` determines whether a function should be mocked based on:

- The current environment (mocks are **never** used in production)
- The `mockType` value

### Core API

```ts
static async mockIfRequired(mockType = MOCK_ENABLED, {
  executionCallback,
  mockedCallback
}) {
  if (config.get('env') !== 'production') {
    if (mockType === MOCK_ENABLED) {
      return mockedCallback();
    }
  }
  return await executionCallback();
}
```

> It also includes logic to resolve priority between rules.

## Example: Mocked Nonce Call

```ts
const nonce = await MockService.mockIfRequired(mockType, {
  executionCallback: async () =>
    await this.addressSequenceHelper.getAddressSequence(originAddress),
  mockedCallback: () => 0
});
```

In this example, the nonce value is mocked when the rule applies, allowing the rest of the flow to continue without relying on the blockchain.

## References

- [Mock Types](#mock-types)
- [How It Works](#how-it-works)

> - [Supported Networks](#supported-networks)

Reviewer: This seems to be a table of contents, but those are usually placed at the top of a document, rather than the bottom. The common practice for sections at the end is to have links to content in other pages. What's the reasoning for placing this here?

Author: The references section was included by mistake and has been removed.
